hey guys what's going on today we have
an unboxing of in easton BBCOR BB 11s to
that ease this is from the folks down at
formula PR and Easton thank you for
letting me review this bet so we're
going to unbox this here today came via
fedex grown so i'm filming some a new
alcohol for us not going to be as sturdy
tripod but i want to test the quality of
this back I mean the camera all right oh
okay c-listers handle Mary like that
nice grip all right oh this bad looks
beautiful focus this all right it is as
Eastern always comes with is there 400 a
bad warranty this is BBCOR certified
wrapped in their plastic it's got their
two piece construction let's say drop 3
batt 3330 as I could tell right now this
bad feels amazing this is this grip
truly awesome nice like it kind contours
a hand very well and feels nice and hand
let's go over some of these specs on the
back to peace as stated before the
hybrid advanced composite BBCOR 33
inches 30 ounces and two and
five-eighths barrel again thank you to
easton and formula PR for let me
review this bat and the review will be
out soon I'm gonna get some time in the
cage with it and I guess yeah this feels
so amazing right now I'm speechless this
this looks awesome so thank you again
and rate comment and subscribe